doc about new option default-cleanup-policy (#1197)
cert-manager/website: content/docs/usage/certificate.md

## Cleaning up Secrets when Certificates are deleted

By default, cert-manager does not delete the `Secret` resource containing the
signed certificate when the corresponding `Certificate` resource is deleted.
This means that deleting a `Certificate` won't take down any services that are
currently relying on that certificate, but the certificate will no longer be renewed.
The `Secret` needs to be manually deleted if it is no longer needed.

If you would prefer the `Secret` to be deleted automatically when the `Certificate`
is deleted, you will need to set `cleanupPolicy: OnDelete` on the Certificate resource. Alternatively, you can add the flag `--default-secret-cleanup-policy=OnDelete` to the cert-manager controller pod in case you want all Secret resources to be cleaned up by default.

#### `cleanupPolicy`
**FEATURE STATE**: This feature is available since cert-manager 1.12.

> `cleanupPolicy` is when this field is set to `OnDelete`, the owner reference
> is always created on the Secret resource and the secret will be automatically
> removed when the certificate resource is deleted. When this field is set to `Never`,
> the owner reference is never created on the Secret resource and the secret will not
> be automatically removed when the certificate resource is deleted.
> If the value of this field is unset this field "inherits" the value of
> the flag `--default-secret-cleanup-policy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field `cleanupPolicy` can be used on the Certificate resource to configure
whether cert-manager should remove the leftover Secret resource when the 
Certificate is deleted.

When this field is set to `OnDelete`, the Secret resource will automatically
be removed when the Certificate is deleted. That works by adding an owner 
reference on the Secret resource.

When this field is set to `Never`, the Secret resource is preserved when
the Certificate is deleted.

When this field is unset, the value of the flag `--default-secret-cleanup-policy`
is used.
```

## Cleaning up Secrets when Certificates are deleted

By default, cert-manager does not delete the `Secret` resource containing the
signed certificate when the corresponding `Certificate` resource is deleted.
This means that deleting a `Certificate` won't take down any services that are
currently relying on that certificate, but the certificate will no longer be renewed.
The `Secret` needs to be manually deleted if it is no longer needed.

> If you would prefer the `Secret` to be deleted automatically when the `Certificate`
> is deleted, you need to configure your installation to pass the 
> `--default-secret-cleanup-policy=OnDelete` flag to the controller.
> 
> Also `Secret` deletion can be configured per-certificate, by setting
> `Certificate` `spec.cleanupPolicy` field.

Reviewer: I suggest rewording this paragraph so that the `cleanupPolicy: OnDelete` is presented first.

```suggestion
If you would prefer the `Secret` to be deleted automatically when the `Certificate`
is deleted, you will need to set `cleanupPolicy: OnDelete` on the Certificate resource. Alternatively, you can add the flag `--default-secret-cleanup-policy=OnDelete` to the cert-manager controller pod in case you want all Secret resources to be cleaned up by default.
```

#### `cleanupPolicy`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**FEATURE STATE**: This feature is available since cert-manager 1.12.

```

`cleanupPolicy` is when this field is set to `OnDelete`, the owner reference
is always created on the Secret resource and the secret will be automatically
removed when the certificate resource is deleted. When this field is set to `Never`,
the owner reference is never created on the Secret resource and the secret will not
be automatically removed when the certificate resource is deleted.
If the value of this field is unset this field "inherits" the value of
the flag `--default-secret-cleanup-policy`.

```yaml
apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1
kind: Certificate
metadata:
  name: my-cert
spec:
  ...
  secretName: my-cert-tls
  cleanupPolicy: OnDelete

# Results in:

> 

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```

Results in:

```yaml
~~~
